Update Debugging Documentation (#934)
microsoft/react-native-windows-samples: docs/debugging-javascript.md

> Unless stated otherwise, each of the debugging scenarios detailed below assume you're loading your JS bundle from the Metro Packager, not loading a prebuilt bundle file.

> 

Reviewer: You should change the first line to put direct debugging first.

## Direct Debugging

> *Direct Debugging* is the newer JS debugging solution for RN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Direct Debugging* is the new JS debugging solution for RN and is the default solution enabled in new RNW projects.

```

| Hermes (Default)  | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |
| Chakra            | 🟥 | ✅ | 🟥 | 🟥 |

> > **Important:** Some versions of Hermes have a [known issue with direct debugging not showing variable evaluations or breakpoints correctly](https://github.com/microsoft/react-native-windows/issues/12654) that may be fixed, at which point this warning can be removed. In the meantime, **we recommend to using Web Debugging with Hermes**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Important:** Some versions of Hermes have [known issues with direct debugging](https://github.com/microsoft/react-native-windows/issues/12982) that may be fixed, at which point this warning can be removed. In the meantime, **we recommend using Web Debugging**.
```

<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

## Web Debugging

> *Web Debugging* (also referred to as *Remote JS Debugging*) is the original JS debugging solution for RN and the default solution enabled in new RNW projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Web Debugging* (also referred to as *Remote JS Debugging*) was the original JS debugging solution for RN and RNW projects.

```

It works by running your app's JS code within the JS engine of an external process, usually a web browser such as Edge (or Chrome). You're then able to debug your app using the development tools of that external process, i.e. the browser's web development tools.

> Web Debugging requires the Metro Packager, as Metro proxies the connection between your native Windows app and the remote JS engine.

> **Important:** Web Debugging was officially marked as deprecated in RN 0.73 and will be removed in a later release.

### Web Debugging Tool Support

| JavaScript Engine | Edge Developer Tools | Visual Studio Code<br/> w/ React Native Tools |
|:------------------|:-:|:-:|
| Hermes (Default)  | ✅ | ✅ |
| Chakra            | ✅ | ✅ |

> **Important:** As your code is run in the remote JS engine, the app's embedded engine is not used. This can cause your released app to behave differently when it *is* using the embedded engine. See [Web vs. Direct Debugging](#web-vs-direct-debugging) for details\.

### Step 1: Enable Web Debugging

> You have two options to enable Web Debugging: at compile-time in your app's native code or at runtime via the in-app Developer Menu.

Reviewer: Remove line since there's no option

```suggestion
```

> #### Option 1: Setting `UseWebDebugger` in your native code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Web Debugging can be enabled by setting `UseWebDebugger` property of your app's `InstanceSettings` during startup.

<!--DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

<!--C#-->

> ##### Modifying your C# RNW app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Modifying your C# RNW app

```

1. You'll want to edit your `App`'s constructor in `App.xaml.cs` with:

```csharp
InstanceSettings.UseWebDebugger = true;
InstanceSettings.UseDirectDebugger = false;
```

<!--C++-->

> ##### Modifying your C++ RNW app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Modifying your C++ RNW app

```
